[Think Stats Chapter 4 Exercise 2](http://greenteapress.com/thinkstats2/html/thinkstats2005.html#toc41) (a random distribution)

Exercise: How much did you weigh at birth? If you don’t know, call your mother or someone else who knows. Using the NSFG data (all live births), compute the distribution of birth weights and use it to find your percentile rank. If you were a first baby, find your percentile rank in the distribution for first babies. Otherwise use the distribution for others. If you are in the 90th percentile or higher, call your mother back and apologize.

# Solution goes here
# I weighed 8 lbs, so my percentile rank in a pool of all live births is 73.324.

`live_cdf.PercentileRank(8)`

`73.32374419119274`


**Exercise:** The numbers generated by `numpy.random.random` are supposed to be uniform between 0 and 1; that is, every value in the range should have the same probability.

Generate 1000 numbers from `numpy.random.random` and plot their PMF.  What goes wrong?

Now plot the CDF. Is the distribution uniform?

# Solution goes here
`test = np.random.random(1000)`
`test_pmf = thinkstats2.Pmf(test, label='number')`

`thinkplot.Pmf(test_pmf)`
`thinkplot.Config(xlabel='number', ylabel='PMF')`


The above graph is useless because all randomly generated values have equal probability of being drawn.

# Solution goes here
`test_cdf = thinkstats2.Cdf(test, label='number')`

`thinkplot.Cdf(test_cdf)`
`thinkplot.Config(xlabel='number', ylabel='CDF')`

The plot of the CDF of each numbers is uniform and linear, which is what we expected. 
